Joe security bug (#7362)
demisto/content: Packs/JoeSecurity/ReleaseNotes/1_0_2.md

#### Integrations
- __Joe Security__

> Fixed a bug that running "joe-analysis-info" on URL not returns a DBotScore.Indicator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a bug in **joe-analysis-info** command that wasn't returning a DBotScore.Indicator when was given a URL.
```
